宝爸：Hello.Guys guys you're never gonna guess who just showed up. 

宝：Not in a million years you can't....  you just try. 

众：your father! -Your father! 

宝：WoW,How did you just guess that? 

宝：Oh wait a second. Yeah of course. We look exactly the same. Dad. Say hi to my friends, Mantis, Tigress, Monkey, Crane, and Viper.

宝爸：Oh,Viper, was it? Monkey, sir. 

宝：They're kind of my best friends. And this.... this is Master Shifu. Legend. 

师傅：It is an honor to meet you, Master panda. Perhaps your father would care to join us in the training hall? Your son will be teaching the class.

宝：I'm sure he's tired.  I'm sure you're tired.  He's tired.  I'm gonna show him the chrysanthemums suite? 

宝爸：What？Tired？No, I'm fine. I would love to watch you teach. 

宝：Trust me.It would be more fun to watch me... Fight?-What is that? 

悍娇虎：The valley is under attack.

宝爸：Son?Under attack? 

宝：- This is perfect!Now you can see what being the dragon warrior is all about.  Follow me!

Enemies of justice.Prepare for... Are you kidding me? What's the deal with the green guys? 

悍娇虎：Some kind of jade zombies.

宝：- jade zombies? 

宝、猴子：Jombies? Jinx.

宝爸：Lotus, be careful!

宝： It's okay, Dad, I do this every day...!  Oh, I recognize this guys.The Master Badger twins.With their crushing double Gong technique. Yeah,that's the one. That guy is... no. Matser Porcupine.

猴子：I thought he died hundred years ago?

宝：These guys are legends. Get a quick sketch of us. Did you get it? Did you get it? I blinked.Can we get another one?
I'm being choked by Master Porcupine. This is so cool.

师傅：Look.It's you.-Po, focus!

宝爸2：Message from the universe.I'll give you a message from the universe...Stay away from my son。

宝：Sorry dad. I'll clean it up later.                                //2.33

whoa whoa whoa not my good hand
take this one Lotus
watch out
dad check out my dumplings of doom
gotcha
I see you
she will soon be mine
which one they're all talking
whoa you're right
that's so scary
we should try that too
maybe it'll be scary back at them
okay but we got a plan we're gonna say first
otherwise it won't be scary
it'll just be stupid
not them talking
is it's me talking through them cop
who
okay okay okay enough
what just happened
the screen smoke just tuft and then tuft
but jshifu what was that
Chi Chi Chi
nope never heard of him
Klein where is it
there's so much wisdom in here I can't find anything
yes
behold
all the answers will be found within
what it's blank
are you kidding me not again
